<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="Planning_for_deployment">
    <title><overline>Planning for deployment</overline></title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>When you plan a deployment of IBM StoredIQ, evaluate several infrastructure considerations.</p>
        <p>In addition to the information in this section, review the requirements detailed in the IBM Software
            Product Compatibility Reports (SPCR) tool at: <xref href="https://www.ibm.com/software/reports/compatibility/clarity-reports/report/html/softwareReqsForProduct?deliverableId=CC1291B0F4AF11E3ACBD4447721DA353" format="html" scope="external"><u>Software Product Compatibility Reports: StoredIQ 7.6</u></xref>
         </p>
        <p>If you plan to use IBM StoredIQ for Legal)identification and Collection to create and manage data boxes
            and data requests that are to be ful³lled by IBM StoredIQ, also check the system requirements for
            StoredIQ for Legal at: <xref href="https://www.ibm.com/software/reports/compatibility/clarity-reports/report/html/softwareReqsForProduct?deliverableId=8A0331A0C50D11E58D9C0D684F363D68" format="html" scope="external"><u>Software Product Compatibility Reports: StoredIQ for Legal 2.0.3</u></xref> 
        </p>
        <section>
            <title><b>Generate customized reports with the SPCR tool</b></title>
            <p>Go to the page at <xref href="https://www.ibm.com/software/reports/compatibility/clarity/index.html" format="html" scope="external"><u>Software Product Compatibility Reports</u></xref> to create a high-level report for supported
                operating systems, related software, hypervisors, and supported translations for any product. You can
                also create an in-depth report to get detailed system requirements, hardware requirements, and end of
                service information for each product. You can search for a product in all of the report types and reports
                are generated based on your query values.</p>
            <p>The following report types are the most commonly generated reports from software product compatibility
                reports:
            </p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title><b>Detailed system requirements</b></title>
            <p>When you select your product version for the detailed system requirements report, you can set a
                report filter for <b>Operating system platforms, Product components,</b> and <b>Capabilities,</b> including
                prerequisites and support software. After you view the report, you can save it as a URL to generate
                anytime or download it as a PDF.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Hardware requirements</title>
            <p>When you select your product version for the hardware requirements report, you can set a report ³lter
                by the <b>Operating system families</b> option. Set the operating system ³lter by selecting some or all of
                the operating systems that are supported by your product. After you view the report, you can save it
                as a URL to generate anytime or download it as a PDF.
            </p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>End of service</title>
            <p>The end of service report shows the service window of the products that you specify over an eight-
               year span. For example, you can find out when your product is scheduled to go out of service.</p>
        </section>
     <section>

        <title><b><u>Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) configuration requirements</u></b></title>
            <p>IBM StoredIQ is deployed as virtual appliances and is supported in VMware ESXi 5.0 (all ³x pack levels) or
                VMware ESXi 6.0 (all ³x pack levels) environments. You must have a virtual infrastructure that meets the
                IBM StoredIQ hardware requirements.
            </p>
     </section>
        <section>
            <title><b>Application stack</b></title>
            <p>
              <ul>
                  <li></li>
                  <li>vCPU: 2</li>
                  <li>Memory: 4 GB</li>
                  <li>Storage
                  <ul>
                      <li>Primary disk (vmdisk1): 21GB</li>
                      <li>Data disk (vmdisk2): 10 GB</li>
                  </ul>
                  </li>
              </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
       
       <section>
           <title>DataServer - Classic</title>
           <p>
               <ul>
                   <li>vCPU: 4
                       Even though increasing the number of vCPUs increases performance, the actual bene³ts depend on
                       whether the speci³c host is oversubscribed or not.</li>
                   <li>Memory: 16 GB
                       While the minimum value works under light-load condition, as the load increases, the data server
                       quickly starts using swap space. For high load situations, increasing RAM beyond 16 GB can bene³t
                       performance. Monitoring swap usage can provide insight.
                   </li>
                   <li> Storage:</li>

               </ul>
           </p>
           <p>                       – Primary disk (vmdisk1, SCSI 0:0): Default is 150 GB
               This virtual disk has an associated VMDK that contains the IBM StoredIQ operating code. Do not
               change its size.</p>
           <p><b>Atteon:</b> If you delete the primary disk, you delete the operating system, and the IBM
               StoredIQ software; the virtual machine might need to be scrapped.</p>
           <p>– Data disk (vmdisk2, SCSI 0:1): Default is 2 TB</p>
           <p>This virtual disk can be resized according to expectations on the amount of harvest data to be
               stored. For purposes of estimation, the index storage requirement for metadata is about 30 GB
               per TB of managed source data. Full-text indexing requires an extra 170 GB per TB. Therefore,
               the default data disk size is targeted for managing 10 TB of source information.</p>
           <p>– Swap disk (vmdisk3, SCSI 0:2): Default is 40 GB</p>
           <p>When under load, the data server can use much RAM; therefore, having ample swap space is
               prudent. The minimum swap size is equal to the amount of RAM con³gured for the virtual
               machine. For best performance under load, place this disk on the highest speed data store
               available to the host.</p>
           <p>The general size limits for a data server are 150 million objects or 500 de³ned volumes, whichever
               limit is reached ³rstN Assuming an average object size of 200 KB equals about 30 TB of managed
               storage across 30 volumes of 5 million objects each, the index storage requirement for metadata on
               ~30 TB of storage that contains uncompressed general of³ce documents is ~330 GB (11 GB per TB).
               Add 100 GB per TB of managed storage for full-text or snippet index. For example, to support 30 TB
               of storage that is indexed for metadata, you need 8 TB indexed for full-text search and extracted text
               (snippet cache) of 8 TB for auto-classification. A total of 1.9 TB of storage is required (metadata: 330
               GB, full-text: 800 GB, snippet cache: 800 GB).</p>
           <p>Data-server performance is impacted by the IOPS available from the storage subsystem. For each
               data server under maximum workload, at least 650 IOPS generally delivers acceptable performance.
               In the situations where there is a high load on the system, the IOPS that is used can reach up to 7000
               with main write operations.</p>
       </section>
        <section>
            <title>DataServer - Distributed</title>
            <p>
                <ul>
                <li>vCPU: 4</li>
                    <li>Memory: 16 GB</li>
                    <li>Storage:</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
                <div>-Primary disk (vmdisk1, SCSI 0:0): Default is 150 GB</div>
                <div>– Data disk (vmdisk2, SCSI 0:1): Default is 2 TB</div>
                <div>– Swap disk (vmdisk3, SCSI 0:2): Default is 40 GB</div>
            <p>If you deploy this type of data server, you must also deploy an Elasticsearch cluster with at least one
                node. If you deploy a cluster with more nodes, each of the Elasticsearch nodes must meet the listed
                requirements.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Each Elasticsearch node</title>
            <ul>
                <li>vCPU: 1</li>
                <li>Memory: 32 GB</li>
                <li>Storage:</li>
            </ul>
            <div>– Primary disk (vmdisk1): 100 GB</div>
            <div>- Data disk (vmdisk2): 1 TB</div>
            <p>The required memory depends on the index size that is handled by the data node. For a better
                performance, consider increasing the memory. The total memory available to the node must be
                distributed between the host operating system, the Elasticsearch java heap space, and the kernel ³le
                system caches. For example, if the system has 32 GB memory, 2 GB must be allocated for the host
                operating system, 15 GB for the java heap space, and the remaining 15 GB for the ³le system caches.</p>
            <p>The data disk (vmdisk2) can be resized according to expectations on the amount of harvest data to be
                stored.</p>
        </section>
        
    </conbody>
</concept>
