<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_a2n_mcm_tjb">
    <title>IBM StoredIQ</title>
    <shortdesc>Deployment and Configuration Guide</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>IBM</p>
        <prereq>
            <NoteBefore using this information and the product it supports, read the information</prereq>
        Notices<xref> href="notices>
                is information was developed for products and services offered in the U.S.A. This material may be
                available from IBM in other languages. However, you may be required to own a copy of the product or
                product version in that language in order to access it.
                IBM may not offer the products, services, or features discussed in this document in other countries.
                Consult your local IBM representative for information on the products and services currently available in
                your area. Any reference to an IBM product, program, or service is not intended to state or imply that only
                that IBM product, program, or service may be used. Any functionally equivalent product, program, or
                service that does not infringe any IBM intellectual property right may be used instead. However, it is the
                user's responsibility to evaluate and verify the operation of any non-IBM product, program, or service.
                IBM may have patents or pending patent applications covering subject matter described in this
                document. The furnishing of this document does not grant you any license to these patents. You can send
                license inquiries, in writing, to:
                IBM Director of Licensing
                IBM Corporation
                North Castle Drive
                Armonk, NY 10504-1785
                U.S.A.
                For license inquiries regarding double-byte (DBCS) information, contact the IBM Intellectual Property
                Department in your country or send inquiries, in writing, to:
                Intellectual Property Licensing
                Legal and Intellectual Property Law
                IBM Japan Ltd.
                19-21, Nihonbashi-Hakozakicho, Chuo-ku
                Tokyo 103-8510, Japan
                INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION PROVIDES THIS PUBLICATION "AS IS"
                WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
                THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
                PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Some jurisdictions do not allow disclaimer of express or implied warranties in
                certain transactions, therefore, this statement may not apply to you.
                This information could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically
                made to the information herein; these changes will be incorporated in new editions of the publication.
                IBM may make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described in this
                publication at any time without notice.
                Any references in this information to non-IBM Web sites are provided for convenience only and do not in
                any manner serve as an endorsement of those Web sites. The materials at those Web sites are not part of
                the materials for this IBM product and use of those Web sites is at your own risk.
                IBM may use or distribute any of the information you supply in any way it believes appropriate without
                incurring any obligation to you.
                Licensees of this program who wish to have information about it for the purpose of enabling: (i) the
                exchange of information between independently created programs and other programs (including this
                one) and (ii) the mutual use of the information which has been exchanged, should contact:
                IBM Director of Licensing
                IBM Corporation
                North Castle Drive, MD-NC119
                Armonk, NY 10504-1785
                US
                © Copyright IBM Corp. 2001, 2019 73
                Such information may be available, subject to appropriate terms and conditions, including in some cases,
                payment of a fee.
                The licensed program described in this document and all licensed material available for it are provided by
                IBM under terms of the IBM Customer Agreement, IBM International Program License Agreement or any
                equivalent agreement between us.
                The performance data discussed herein is presented as derived under specific operating conditions.
                Actual results may vary.
                Information concerning non-IBM products was obtained from the suppliers of those products, their
                published announcements or other publicly available sources. IBM has not tested those products and
                cannot confirm the accuracy of performance, compatibility or any other claims related to non-IBM
                products. Questions on the capabilities of non-IBM products should be addressed to the suppliers of
                those products.
                Statements regarding IBM's future direction or intent are subject to change or withdrawal without notice,
                and represent goals and objectives only.
                This information contains examples of data and reports used in daily business operations. To illustrate
                them as completely as possible, the examples include the names of individuals, companies, brands, and
                products. All of these names are fictitious and any similarity to the names and addresses used by an
                actual business enterprise is entirely coincidental.
                COPYRIGHT LICENSE:
                This information contains sample application programs in source language, which illustrate programming
                techniques on various operating platforms. You may copy, modify, and distribute these sample programs
                in any form without payment to IBM, for the purposes of developing, using, marketing or distributing
                application programs conforming to the application programming interface for the operating platform for
                which the sample programs are written. These examples have not been thoroughly tested under all
                conditions. IBM, therefore, cannot guarantee or imply reliability, serviceability, or function of these
                programs. The sample programs are provided "AS IS", without warranty of any kind. IBM shall not be
                liable for any damages arising out of your use of the sample programs.
                Each copy or any portion of these sample programs or any derivative work, must include a copyright
                notice as follows:
                © (your company name) (year).
                Portions of this code are derived from IBM Corp. Sample Programs.
                © Copyright IBM Corp. _enter the year or years_.</xref>xref>Th</rereq>
        </prereq>
    </conbody>
</concept>
<prolog>
    <author>This edition applies to Version 7.6.0.19 of product number 5724M86 and to all subsequent releases and modifications
        until otherwise indicated in new editions.</author>
    <copyright>© Copyright International Business Machines Corporation<copyryearyear="2001,2019"/>
        <copyrholder>US Government Users Restricted Rights – Use, duplication or disclosure restricted by GSA ADP Schedule Contract with
        IBM Corp.</copyrholder>
    </copyright>
</prolog>