<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="Planning_for_deployment_security">
    <title>Security</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Plan and implement specific security measures to protect the application and the data it manages,
            especially when you deploy IBM StoredIQ into sensitive environments.</p>
        <p>IBM StoredIQ keeps your data secure through encryption, security hardening, and auditing..</p>
        <section>
            <title>Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS)</title>
            <p>FIPS is a standard recommended by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and the
                US Federal Government. It ensures certain security standards are met for software or hardware
                components deployed at US government sites. Enabling FIPS ensures that the SSL/TLS engine that is
                compliant with the US Government recommendation is used. IBM StoredIQ supports FIPS Level 1.</p>
            <p>Secure gateway communication can be enabled without FIPS. If FIPS is enabled, IBM StoredIQ uses FIPS
                compliant versions of OpenSSL.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Secure communication and encryption of data in motion</title>
            <p>In a production environment, you should configure or install certificates on the AppStack to enable HTTPS
                communication and to enable encryption of data in motion between the browser and the AppStack. You
                can to this during installation and initial configuration or at any time afterward. For details, see the
                instructions for configuring certificates.</p>
            <p>The gateway handles the communication between the data servers and the application stack. By default,
                the communication between the gateway, any data servers, and the AppStack is in plain text and is not
                encrypted. If your enterprise security policy mandates encryption of data in motion, enable secure
                gateway communication. In this case, secure gateway communication must be configured on all three
                IBM StoredIQ components. You can enable secure gateway communication during installation and initial
                configuration or at any time afterward. For details, see “Managing the status of secure gateway
                communication” on page 54.</p>
            <p>IBM StoredIQ then uses stunnel to ensure secure communication between the components. If your
                environment includes data servers of the type DataServer - Distributed, stunnel can also be used to
                encrypt the communication between the nodes within the Elasticsearch cluster but not for encrypting the
                communication between the data server and the Elasticsearch cluster.</p>
            <p>To secure the communication between the data server and the Elasticsearch cluster and the
                communication within the Elasticsearch cluster likewise, you can enable Search Guard. For more
                information, see “Securing Elasticsearch cluster communication with Search Guard” on page 51. If you
                don't want to do that but still want to restrict client access to port 9200 on the Elasticsearch nodes, you
                can set up the firewall accordingly. For more information, see “Restricting access to port 9200 on
                Elasticsearch nodes” on page 52.</p>
            <p>If FIPS is not enabled, the following cipher suites and encryption algorithm are used for data at rest:
                     <lines>TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256</lines>
                <lines>TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256</lines></p>
            <p>You can configure these cipher suites in the configuration files listed in the <u>list of key and certificate files</u>.
                However, if you run the utilities for enabling stunnel, you might need to make the respective configuration
                changes again.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Encryption of data at rest</title>
            <p>Starting with IBM StoredIQ version 7.6.0.15, the disk volume on which the Elasticsearch indexes are
                stored is encrypted by default. IBM StoredIQ uses Linux Unified Key Setup (LUKS) for disk encryption. For
                details about key management, see <u>“Key and certificate management” on page 41.</u></p>
            <p>Optionally, you can encrypt the application data on the IBM StoredIQ application stack. For more
                information, see <u>“Enabling encryption of IBM StoredIQ AppStack application data” on page 50.</u></p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Network isolation</title>
            <p>If full-text harvesting and Step-up Analytics actions (cartridges) are applied, Elasticsearch indexes can
                contain potentially sensitive content. Therefore, you should deploy the Elasticsearch nodes in an isolated
                location on the network (for example, as an enclave or behind a firewall) that is properly secured
                according to the sensitivity of the data being harvested. Only the IBM StoredIQ application stack and data
                servers should be allowed to communicate with the Elasticsearch nodes.</p>
            <p>Also, any data servers and the gateway should be deployed in an isolated network location to allow for
                communication with authorized clients only.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Access control</title>
            <p>The following administrative accounts are required. The builder and siqadmin accounts are IBM
                StoredIQ-specific accounts. For more information about these accounts, see “Default user accounts” on
                page 17.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>root and builder accounts on the Elasticsearch cluster nodes</title>
            <p>
                Remote login for root can be disabled. However, local root login is required, either log in as root or
                    use the <b>su</b> command to obtain root permissions temporarily.
            </p>
            <p>You set the passwords for the root and builder accounts during the configuration process when
                you start the VM for the first time. You can change these passwords anytime.</p>
                 <p>the passwords for the root and builder accounts during the configuration process when
                     you start the VM for the first time. You can change these passwords anytime.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>siqadmin account on the AppStack</title>
            <p>Administration of the AppStack usually does not require direct root access. For day-to-day
                administration, the siqadmin account can be used.</p>
            <p>You set the password for the siqadmin account during the configuration process when you start the
                VM for the first time. You can change this password anytime.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Default user accounts</title>
            <p>IBM StoredIQ comes with a set of default user accounts.</p>
            <p>For security reasons, change the passwords for these default accounts after the installation is complete
                so that they are unique and different from the default values. The new password must be 8 to 64
                characters long and must contain characters from at least three of these categories:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Uppercase letters: A - Z</li>
                <li>Lowercase letters: a - z</li>
                <li>Digits: 0 - 9</li>
                <li>Punctuation marks or special characters: . : = * ˆ / $ # _ + @ &amp; % -</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section>
                
                <p></p>
                <simpletable>
                    <sthead>
                        <stentry>Account</stentry>
                        <stentry>Default password</stentry>
                        <stentry>Description</stentry>
                    </sthead>
                    <strow>
                        <stentry>admin</stentry>
                        <stentry>admin</stentry>
                        <stentry>Administrative account for accessing
                            IBM StoredIQ Data Server. Use this
                            account for the initial setup of the data
                            server and to create further
                            administrative accounts for routine
                            administration.
                            Change the password in IBM StoredIQ
                            Data Server under <b>Administration >
                                Configuration > Manage users.</b></stentry>
                    </strow>
                    <strow>
                        <stentry>audituser</stentry>
                        <stentry>Passw0rd!</stentry>
                        <stentry>Account for accessing the audit
                            database on the AppStack.
                            Change the password by running the
                            <b>change_audituser_password</b> script as
                                siqadmin user on the AppStack.</stentry>
                    </strow>
                    <strow>
                        <stentry>builder</stentry>
                        <stentry>None. Password is set during initial
                            configuration.</stentry>
                        <stentry>Account for setting up and configuring
                            the Elasticsearch cluster.
                            You can change the password by using
                            the Linux <b>passwd</b> command.</stentry>
                    </strow>
                    <strow>
                        <stentry>reportuser</stentry>
                        <stentry>St0red1q</stentry>
                        <stentry>Account for accessing the report
                            database on the AppStack.
                            Change the password by running the
                            <b>change_reportuser_password</b> script as
                            siqadmin user on the AppStack.
                        </stentry>
                    </strow>
                    <strow>
                        <stentry>siqadmin</stentry>
                        <stentry>Passw0rd!</stentry>
                        <stentry>Administrative account for managing the
                            AppStack server. For more information,
                            see the administration guide.
                            With new installations, you are
                            prompted for a new password during the
                            initial configuration of the AppStack. In
                            updated deployments, change the
                            password by using the Linux <b>passwd</b>
                            command.</stentry>
                    </strow>
                    <strow>
                        <stentry>superadmin</stentry>
                        <stentry>admin</stentry>
                        <stentry>Administrative account for accessing
                            IBM StoredIQ Administrator and IBM
                            StoredIQ Data Server. Use this account
                            for the initial setup of IBM StoredIQ and
                            to create further administrative
                            accounts for routine administration so
                            that their actions can be audited.
                            Change the password in IBM StoredIQ
                            Administrator: go to Users and edit the
                            superadmin account.
                            The superadmin account has access to
                            all IBM StoredIQ applications on the
                            application stack. To switch
                            applications, click the triangle arrow
                            icon and select the application that you
                            want to access from the list of the
                            available applications.
                            </stentry>
                    </strow>
                </simpletable>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
