<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="Glossary">
    <title>Glossary</title>
    <glossentry id="Applicatrion_Stack">
        <glossterm>A</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Application Stack</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>polls the gateway for information about the data on the data servers.</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="Auto-classification">
        <glossterm>a</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Auto-classification</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Automated document categorization, what IBM StoredIQ refers to as autoclassification
                models, integrates the IBM® Content Classification's classification model into the IBM
                StoredIQ infoset-generation process. Data Experts can use IBM Content Classification to train a
                classification model, which is then registered with IBM StoredIQ Administrator. The registered
                classification model can be applied to an existing infoset in IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench to generate
                new metadata for the objects in the infoset. Metadata can be used in rule-based filters to create new
                infosets.</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="Cartridges">
        <glossterm>c</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Cartridges</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Cartridges are compressed files that contain analysis logic. When you add a cartridge to
                IBM StoredIQ AppStack, it can detect new data in documents during indexing and make these new
                insights searchable. For example, a sensitive pattern cartridge can enable IBM StoredIQ to detect
                passport numbers, phone numbers, and other IDs.</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="Connector API SDK">
        <glossterm>c</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Connector API SDK</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>A connector is a software component of IBM StoredIQ that is used to connect to a
                data source such as a network file system and access its data. Using IBM StoredIQ Connector API SDK,
                developers of other companies can develop connectors to new data sources outside the IBM StoredIQ
                development environment. These connectors can be integrated with a live IBM StoredIQ application to
                index, search, manage, and analyze data on the data source.</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="DataServers">
        <glossterm>d</glossterm>
        <glossdef>dataservers</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>A data server obtains the data from supported data sources and indexes it. By indexing this data, you
                gain information about unstructured data such as file size, file data types, file owners.</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="DataServer_Classic">
        <glossterm>d</glossterm>
        <glossdef>dataserver classic</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Classic uses the embedded PostgreSQL database for storing the
                index.</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="DataServer_Distributed">
        <glossterm>d</glossterm>
        <glossdef>dataserver distributor</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>the index is stored in an Elasticsearch
                cluster.</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="Gateway">
        <glossterm>g</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Gateway</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>The gateway communicates between the data servers and the application stack. The application stack
                polls the gateway for information about the data on the data servers. The data servers push the
                information to the gateway.</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="IBM_StoredIQ_Insights">
        <glossterm>i</glossterm>
        <glossdef>IBM StoredIQ Insights</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>IBM StoredIQ Insights provides dynamic and interactive filtering for your data with easy access to all
                metadata and instant plain-text preview of document content for full-text indexed volumes.</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
